LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
This Application ("Licensed Application") made available through the Google Play, which is run by Google LLC., are licensed, not sold, to you from Marushin Solutions. (“Licensor”), provided that you agree to and wish to be bound by the terms of this End User License Agreement (“Agreement”). Licensor reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Application not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.
Your installation of the Licensed Application or use of the Licensed Application shall be conclusively deemed to constitute your acceptance of the terms of the above agreements.
In addition to proprietary computer programs owned by or licensed to Licensor, the Licensed Application contains certain open source software programs licensed under several licenses ("Open-Sourced Components"). For Open-Sourced Components, please refer to the applicable license terms set forth in section j. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and those of the Open-Sourced Components, the latter shall prevail.
a. Scope of License: This license granted to you for the Licensed Application by Licensor is limited to a nontransferable license to use the Licensed Application on any mobile devices running Android OS ("Android Device(s)") that you own or control. This license does not allow you to use the Licensed Application on any Android Device that you do not own or control. You may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer redistribute, or sublicense the Licensed Application and, if you sell your Android Device to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Application from your Android Device before doing so. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license), decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, any part, or any derivative works thereof (including but not limited to information or data communicated or exchanged between or among audio visual products such as component stereos, speakers, Blu-ray Disc players/recorders, and/or servers owned or controlled by the Licensor or any third party(ies)) (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any Open-Sourced Components included with the Licensed Application). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of the Licensor and its licensors. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages.
The terms of this license will govern any upgrades provided by Licensor that replace and/or supplement the original Licensed Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.
b. Termination. The license is effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice from the Licensor if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, you shall cease all use of the Licensed Application and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.
c. Services; Third-Party Materials. The Licensed Application may enable access to Licensor's and/or third-party services and websites (individually referred as “Licensor Services” and “Third Party Services”, collectively "Services"). Use of the Services requires Internet access and use of certain Services requires you to accept additional terms. You agree that you may not use the Services without acceptance of such additional terms. You agree that Third Party Services are not the responsibility of Licensor. The Third Party Services are operated by third party other than Licensor and are not under the control of Licensor. The inclusion of Third Party Services on the Service does not imply endorsement or sponsorship of the service by Licensor. 
You understand that by using any of the Services, you may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language, and that the results of any search or entering of a particular URL may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Services at your sole risk and that the Licensor shall not have any liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable. 
Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties ("Third Party Materials") or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that the Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. The Licensor, and its officers, affiliates and subsidiaries do not warrant or endorse and do not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any third-party Services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. 
Financial information displayed by any Services is for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as investment advice. Before executing any securities transaction based upon information obtained through the Services, you should consult with a financial or securities professional who is legally qualified to give financial or securities advice in your country or region. Location data provided by any Services is for basic navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. The Licensor does not guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of stock information, location data or any other data displayed by any Services. You agree that the Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is owned by Licensor and/or its licensors, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the Services or in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this license or that infringes any intellectual property rights of a third party, the Licensor. No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, using the Services to transmit any computer viruses, worms, trojan horses or other malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Licensor is not in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive, infringing or illegal messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using any of the Services.
In addition, Services and Third Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or linked to from the Android Devices are not available in all languages or in all countries or regions. Licensor makes no representation that such Services and Materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use or access such Services and Materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws. Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Services at any time without notice. In no event will Licensor be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such Services. Licensor may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain Services, in any case and without notice or liability. 
d. NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
e. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor's total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
f. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons. 
g. The Licensed Application and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
h. The following are the copyright notices of the Licensed Application. Copyright (c) 2020-2022, Marushin Solutions. Copyright (c) 2005-2008, The Android Open Source Project 
i. The following license terms shall be applied to Open-Sourced Components.
i-1. android-support-v4.jar
Copyright (c) 2005-2008, The Android Open Source Project 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); 
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. 
j. The laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this license and your use of the Licensed Application. Your use of the Licensed Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Last updated August 22 2022
Information regarding the Licensor (Licensed Application provider)
Name: Marushin Solutions
Contact : oishicoffee@hotmail.com
